[DOCS-13461] Add APM Processing Pipelines documentation (#34787)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/processing_pipelines.md

    - link: "/tracing/trace_pipeline/generate_metrics"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Generate Custom Metrics from Spans"
    - link: "/tracing/trace_pipeline/trace_retention"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Trace Retention"
    - link: "/tracing/troubleshooting/quantization"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Quantization of APM Data"
    - link: "/security/sensitive_data_scanner"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Sensitive Data Scanner"
    - link: "/tracing/services/service_remapping_rules"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Service Remapping Rules"
---

{{< img src="/tracing/processing_pipelines/processing_pipelines_overview.jpg" alt="APM data flow diagram showing instrumented applications, ingestion sampling rules, Processing Pipelines, metrics from spans, retention filters, and indexed search" style="width:100%;">}}

APM Processing Pipelines let you transform, normalize, and enrich span attributes after ingestion and before storage, without modifying application code.

Use pipelines to:
- Standardize attribute naming across services
- Consolidate inconsistent keys into a single canonical attribute
- Extract structured data from string values

> Processing Pipelines run in the Datadog backend and apply only to newly ingested spans. Each pipeline contains a filter query that defines which spans enter the pipeline, and one or more processors that define how matching spans are transformed. Pipelines are evaluated in order from top to bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processing Pipelines run in the Datadog backend and apply only to newly ingested spans. Each pipeline contains a filter query that defines which spans enter the pipeline, and one or more processors that define how to transform matching spans. It evaluates pipelines in order from top to bottom.
```
I thought some active voice here might be a good change, but disregard if you were using it intentionally!
